docs/guide/index.md, before:

# What is ResearchGraph?

ResearchGraph is a powerful visual research planning tool that helps researchers, academics, and project managers plan, track, and visualize their research journey. It combines the flexibility of graph-based visualization with the structure of timeline management to create an intuitive research planning experience.

## Key Features

### Node-Based Planning
Create nodes representing research components, experiments, papers, or any other research artifacts. Each node can contain rich text descriptions, links, and metadata.

### Dynamic Timeline Integration
Organize your research along a flexible timeline that automatically adapts to your planning needs. Switch between daily, weekly, and monthly views to get the right perspective.

### Hierarchical Organization
Group related research components into subgraphs that can be expanded or collapsed. This hierarchical organization helps manage complex research projects with multiple interconnected parts.

### Smart Edge System
Connect nodes with meaningful relationships. Edges can represent dependencies, influences, or any other type of connection between research components.

### AI Assistance
Get intelligent suggestions for research planning, node organization, and documentation using integrated AI features.

## Getting Started

Head over to the [Getting Started](/guide/getting-started) guide to begin your journey with ResearchGraph.

Commit message:

Update docs with demo video

docs/guide/index.md, after:

# What is ResearchGraph?

ResearchGraph is a powerful visual research planning tool that helps researchers, academics, and project managers plan, track, and visualize their research journey. It combines the flexibility of graph-based visualization with the structure of timeline management to create an intuitive research planning experience.

## Quick Demo

<video src="/assets/dograph_1.mp4" controls autoplay muted style="width: 100%; max-width: 800px; margin: 0 auto; display: block;"></video>

Watch the demo above to see ResearchGraph in action:
- Create and connect research nodes visually
- Organize research components hierarchically
- Use the timeline for temporal planning
- Create nested subgraphs for complex projects
- Leverage AI assistance for planning

## Key Features

### Node-Based Planning
Create nodes representing research components, experiments, papers, or any other research artifacts. Each node can contain rich text descriptions, links, and metadata.

### Dynamic Timeline Integration
Organize your research along a flexible timeline that automatically adapts to your planning needs. Switch between daily, weekly, and monthly views to get the right perspective.

### Hierarchical Organization
Group related research components into subgraphs that can be expanded or collapsed. This hierarchical organization helps manage complex research projects with multiple interconnected parts.

### Smart Edge System
Connect nodes with meaningful relationships. Edges can represent dependencies, influences, or any other type of connection between research components.

### AI Assistance
Get intelligent suggestions for research planning, node organization, and documentation using integrated AI features.

## Getting Started

Head over to the [Getting Started](/guide/getting-started) guide to begin your journey with ResearchGraph.
